George Brown offers a wide variety of programs in art and design, business, community services, early childhood education, construction and engineering technologies, health sciences, hospitality and culinary arts, preparatory studies, as well as specialized programs and services for recent immigrants and international students.

The college offers 35 diploma programs, 31 advanced diploma programs as well as eight degree programs, one in conjunction with Ryerson University. The college offers the following degrees:

Bachelor of Interpretation – American Sign Language – English
Bachelor of Applied Arts – Early Childhood Leadership
Early Childhood Education (Consecutive Diploma/Degree)
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Bachelor of Commerce – Financial Services
Bachelor of Commerce – Culinary Management
Bachelor of Business Administration – Hospitality
Bachelor of Technology – Construction Management

T127 (Computer programmer and analyst):

    Today, few organizations make any significant plans without thoroughly 
understanding the Information Technology (IT) implications. IT professionals are a 
vital part of decision-making business teams. George Brown College answers this 
need with its three-year (six-semester) Computer Programmer Analyst program. 
The broad education in programming and IT analysis that it offers can provide you 
with a stable platform for career growth in the rapidly expanding and ever-changing
world of information technology.

    During the first two years of the program, you will develop the skills and 
techniques required for software application development and testing. The industry
tells us they are looking for Computer Programmer Analysts with “the total package.”
So the third year includes advanced technical skills in areas such as systems 
analysis and design techniques – and continues to develop communications, 
teamwork and other client service skills such as needs assessment, sales and 
presentation methods.

George Brown offers other distinct advantages:

Students are involved in project-based and experiential learning.
In the third year, students are exposed to the fast-growing game development sector.
Students are also exposed to mobile application development using the latest mobile devices.